reminder
programming
This is Dr. Worrell's first memory. As we move forward, and views open, let's see how t'things' change.
Memory program is now ready. An infant with little function, Memory has become useful.
(2015,12,10)
personal
Improving Human Condition
What is your intention -at this stage in life?
Think clearly. How do you intend to better human condition? -What do you mean?-
(2015,12,10)
family
song
Worrell Family Song -Hunter 2 years old.
1 2 3 people are in my family, 1 2 3 people are in my family, we're best friends and we love each other, that's my family, that's my family.
(2015,12,10)
Thought
Stoned
Barely intelligent thought toward future of brain/body computer interface.
Logic sets the base for synthetic computation -truth structured into proposition- so that lines of code live in environments of meaning, and this further imbedded in physical computational devices -computers-  that are built on the same logic. Genetic code live in  biological environments, also based in logic. Both situations, logic transferred from physical to theoretical then back again, a cyclic computational process that over time grows an understanding of all possibility allowed in this space (i.e., complete potential).
(2015,12,12)
dream memories (part 1)
stoned thought
part 1 -description of an overwhelming -in physical time alone- state of my being.
For the last few years, more recently, I have been flooded daily by mental images and feeling/memories of past dreams. Dreams from all stages of my life, back clear as day though in an inside space -that is, I have become lost inside. Once I re-in the dream, I can remember the events fluidly, re-living the experience in a flash, slow, or any dream time as it' all the parts are there and waiting to be flashed on the screen. I re-member everything about being there, but only for that moment. It isn't lost, only replaced by the next dream, which is then everything I see inside. After seeing so many, the feeling of a map has developed. Dream memories fit into neighborhoods that fit into space with other dreams. Some from the same neighborhood some very different and foreign. But all seen to fit into the space -into the map that is. At night I have been  having new dreams i these neighborhoods, in my dreams I always know them -that is I never question where I am-, but it's only after I wake that I ...
(2015,12,14)
dream memories (part 2)
stoned thought
part 2 -description of an overwhelming -in physical time alone- state of my being.
...after I wake that I say, "ah, I was back in that place. In that neighborhood!" Some of these neighborhoods have been with me my entire life. I remember them from childhood, popping in and out of my nights, for some reason carrying over as odd memories and feelings into my days, then again in my teens, college, adulthood, now. In a way these neighborhoods are more stable, more me, than the places others know. I often say, "When I think back over my life, my memories are either of dreams, of 'this' world, or of some place in between, which I careless to classify -and outside above sentence, I careless to classify the others either. I know them -all- so well. All so equally. 
(2015,12,14)
website
http://hapgood.us/2015/10/17/the-garden-and-the-stream-a-technopastoral/
artice was the basis for starting this programming. I was enticed by the idea of illuminating once hidden links in personal thought.
The Garden and The Stream. Mike Caulfield article. 
(2015,12,14)
programming
TODO list for Stephanie
TODO program no longer crashes and is plesant to interact with.
Finished solid prototype to TODO program for Stephanie.
(2015,12,16)
dream thought
dream
free flow dream space association
Dream places coming to mind: 1) Looming shadowed mountains hanging over a dark city. I drive the streets at night, traversing along the mountains distance. In other dreams I go up the mountain, thought I can’t remember, or have never been on, the beginning of the road up. I think it’s a trail, but then what about the road and car? Far to the right I believe there’s a pass that heads to grassy hills and other places. But this side is rocky and craggy. The road sits high up a twisting mountain, where otherworldly beings hide a dimension away. It’s dark now, but in day light it looks something like a Sedona Mars mash up. With day light I can find the place below that is like a desert. The ground is very flat with a thin layer of sand and the rocks are rocks, but almost geometrical -approximating something geometrical. There I tend to walk between the rock formations, usually for long periods. Other times I drive back towards town on a tucson like road, which could never exist, in tucson at least -just not enough open space. If I go the right way there is the convenient store bordering the desert edge. The road along the edge of the desert leads to college like neighborhood, midnight bike rides, and triathlons. Taking a sandy path into the desert leads away -toward sandy hills and a drop in elevation to another place- and is best traveled on bike or foot. Taking a different path away from the   geometrical’ish rocks I seem to be able to get to the majestic snow covered mountains that I rarely visit. That being said, I have no clue how, and each time I remember being there, I don’t remember being here first.  
(2015,12,16)
dream reflection
dream reflection
I can see it all so clearly, but hesitate to define a path.
I have been up on the mountain the last few days, I can remember that much. But nothing else.
(2015,12,16)
Worrell Family
Christmas
Worrell family fun Christmas season 2015. .
Last night we went to the Sierra Madre Christmas lights neighborhood. Driving there I scolded Hunter for yelling and throwing raisins -at me while driving. Stephanie said I sounded like a dad. We had a fun night.
(2015,12,16)
computer science and programming
http://www.nand2tetris.org
above address is the From NAND to Tetris website ... the course is taken through Coursera : https://www.coursera.org/course/nand2tetris1
I have recently stated, on neumerous occasions, that the conline course From NAND to Tetris, is one of the greatest -if not greatest- classes I have tever taken. I am currently working through Chapter 5 -thought I have taken a short break to ficus on Haskell programming, i.e., writing 'this' Memory and the TODO programs. 
(2015,12,16)
music
Alessandro Cortini Contra from Forse 3
Contra, Viet Cong's album Viet Cong, and Aphex Twin Richard D James and Selected Ambient Works 85-92 have been the major players these days
I’ve been addicted to Alessandro Cortini's album Forse 3, aLmost completely due to the first song Contra. It brings me to an instant meditative place -a dream like memory feel of the meditative experience I have been having —maybe even striving for- over he past year where I feel instantly relaxed and blissfully confident about my time spent here. Once it starts, I see my future perfect and bright,  as a mind set, and I watch feel and learn.
(2015,12,16)
stephanie camping running
sedona camping
our last vacation. We left Hunter in Phoenix with grandma and grandpa and wwent to Sedona for two nights three days, then came back for Thanksgiving.
It's about a month out form our Sedona trip. Stephanie and I camped West of Sedona on 525 -off 89- an area I camped 6 months earlier with Brandon Kreitller and Jeffy Mayhew. The first day we did a run out West of Town, parking , after driving down a long sideroad right of 89, in front of a resort/gold club gated entry. We joked coming back, just ahead of darkness, that the shadows were waiting at the rim of hte canyon to creep down and get us. Second day we ran to the top of Mt Wilson from the parking lot just past the bridge -going up oak creek. It was a great 12 mile run with wonderful elevation gain and views. Last day we walked 6 miles up the Beaver Creak trail, that Brandon showed me, East of Sedona.
(2015,12,16)
past memory -from last year.
Philosophical Investigations ; http://gormendizer.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Ludwig.Wittgenstein.-.Philosophical.Investigations.pdf ;   copy saved in memory_items_folder
part 1 of memories around Philosophical Investigations
II recently changed by daily routine from traditional writing to writing computer code. The problem I have been having in traditional writing is p hknowning how best to send a clear message. It depends so much on the environment, the context, of the res  rest of the writing and the state of the reader for interpretation.  In logic programming the message can be precise -logically clear- however. I somehow gathered this feeling reading Philosophical Investigations by Ludwig Wittgenstein -I saw somehow as I am sure it is true, but I am not sure why. FiAfter reading all my thinking was on the subect of human perception. The fact that we cannot all percieve the same from any sense. What must one do to send aclear message accross void of mind to mind. inishing the book I went directly to Luke Iannini -who happened to be visiting his brother Julian in Glendora- to discuss questions that had arrisen while reading and he was on the same line of thinking, thought luke, a programming for life, was thinking through
(2015,12,17)
past memory -last year
Philosophical Investigations ; http://gormendizer.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Ludwig.Wittgenstein.-.Philosophical.Investigations.pdf ; copy saved in memory_items_folder       
part 2 of memories around Philosophical Investigations    
Luke ...a programmer for life, was thinking through the same lens but coming from mediating of the potential for Virtual Reality. Luke and I agreed, there appears to be potential for a new form of personal computing between our interest.
(2015,12,17)
programming in Haskell
https://hackage.haskell.org/package/ansi-terminal-0.6.2.3/docs/System-Console-ANSI.html
use above website to access System.Console.ANSI help
When writing program that interacts with command line, sometimes need to color text, clear screen, bold text, etc. System.Console.ANSI offers functions to do this.
(2015,12,17)
recording physiology
FitBit Surge
Starting to record physiology and GPS on daily basis.
bought a FitBit Surge to begine rlearning to record, process, and use physiological Data in a personal computing framework
(2015,12,17)
personal poem from around 1.1.15
I Vow Each Moment
Part 1 of Poem I Vow Each Moment
Dream I That Dream You saw light And moved like an animal Through three waves.The foam Left a divide On the sand, And you sang And watched your hands and feet And said, No this is a dream. But I became a tree. So please, Wake me from this Mountain Sway. Carry me Tirelessly Bounding and leaping Beyond these heavenly slopes. Dream II I will hide under a mountain tree And wake thee with heavy breath. When bird and wind make no sound And nothing moves And with pearl And fire of my eye Carry you Rippling and running From this mountain side. Dream III Let Wind sway And dream slip To Nature. Foam slips the finger too, Like snake discarding skin.And you think, Over and over, I am deep rooted on this hillside. But where there is sun Wait patiently As oil and water pop, One by one, And I run. Dream IV Delicate bark and leaf Have no sense And forest looses Self Leaping from mark to mark, In stride, Well below and beyond My hillside. Where In pink and white blossom I stand alone In stone And tall Lingering grasses. 
(2015,12,17)
personal poem from around 1.1.15
I Vow Each Moment
part 2 of poem I vow each moment
Dream V Don’t think It’s anything more Than leaves In wind At night With stars, Against your White and pink blossoms, That I run Endlessly ‘til day And Between rock and blue sky Like clouds Upward with wind Again ‘til night. Dream VI Alone with blue And grey passing whisks For some time, I see not the hillside, Nor distant shores, Where you run To lay At my Side, Warming my colors, As they fade, Day after day. Dream VII I am The pink in your flower Before and after it’s gone, And the bow In your branch When I blow Upward against My backbone at night, Whistling I am sleeping On your moss, And your roots, And all your delicate fibers, Dreaming… I have always run, I have always run, I have always run.
(2015,12,17)
testing apple watch heart rate function
apple watch
started workout mode at 10:03.
testing apple watch heart rate monitor in workout mode (i.e., takes more regular heart rate readings) during normal day activities to see how much more data I get. Stated workout as other, but acually coding.
(2015,12,21)
personal feeling thinking
personal perspective
dreams, thinking, personal myth. I am really feeling this thing inside. There is no longer any path or any light.
Feeling that thing inside. My dreams are riding just under the surface -of consciousness. Everything rides them. And by everything I mean everything -up and down, up and down. My mind and Body are in pain -now. Every day it hurts making me tired. I turn inward further, I see more dreams clearly, I feel more pain. Feeling that wish to release, this pain, not from burden, from knowing the way forward. The answer somewhere in the Personal Myth. In bringing this back. In bringing the individual back to the individual. 
(2015,12,29)
